FORMAT OF THE FILE PER ITEM:
Title
Author
Date I Read it
My short thoughts

A Walk In the Park
Kevin Fedarko
September 2024
This was a very interesting book about the history of the Grand Canyon as well as the strenuous nature of through hiking for the average Joe. Inspiring and fascinating to say the least

Elon Musk
Walter Isaacson
Mid 2025
Gave some great insight into the behind the scenes life of the mercurial CEO Elon Musk, learned some things aobut what I want to be like in the workplace and some things I certainly do not want to be like

Steve Jobs
Walter Isaacson
June 29, 2026
Fascinating to learn about the whole life of Steve Jobs, especially him growing up win the Bay Area as he grew up in the exact same neighborhood that I do, Gave me some hope for what could be down the road if I put my mind to it

Royal Robbins
David Smart
June 2024
Fascinating to learn about the enigmatic existence of one of the world's most famous climbers

Wright Brothers
David McCullough
August 2025
Cool insight into the original makers of 20th century, those who Mae the first functional flying machine. The original scrappy makers of the world those who inspired many

On The Road
Jack Kerouac
August 2025
Insight into a different lifestyle that defined the Beat generation in the 50s and onwards. Definitely made me believe that I do not want too subscribe to the Beat life style

Dharma Bums
JAck Kerouac 
October 2025
Again asserted that I do not want to be a member of the Beat generation, but definitely asserted the fascinating nature of Jack Kerouac's prose and style of writing

Big Sur
Jack Kerouac
February 2026
Certainly one of Jack Keroauc's books that asserts his internal struggle, cool to here it talk about areas close to where I live

Higher Education: A Big Wall Manual
Andy Kirkpatrick
May 2024
A technical deep dive into big wall aid climbing. Knowledge that I hope to utilize one day

Hooking Up - The Ultimate Big Wall and Aid Climbing Manual
Fabio Elli & Peter Zobrak
April 2024
Again, another technical deep dive into big wall aid climbing, the graphics were great, highly recommend

2001 Space Odyssey
Arthur C. Clarke
February 2022
My favorite Sci-Fi book and movie that never ceases to amaze me. 

Turing's Vision, Birth of CS
Chris Bernhardt
March 2026
A great insight into Turing's ground breaking work, and a first hand insight into his genius

Alexander Hamilton
Ron Chernow
December 2015
A book that I bought when I saw Hamilton on Broadway in 2015, A fascinating story of the American immigrant turned founding father

The Inoovators
Walter Isaacson
July 25 2026
Have you ever been interested in how the status quo and the computer and AI age came to be? Then look no further than this book by Walter Isaacson From Ada Lovelace to google, it reinforced the  astounding people that brought us to where we are today

Skunk Works: A Personal Memoir of My Years at Lockheed
Ben R. Rich
July 2024
Insight into how to foster hyper innovation in a covert setting, Silicon Valley is where innovation happens, waht about Skunkworks?!

What I talk about when I talk about running
Haruki Murakami 
September 2025
I read this book leading up my college admissions process as I contemplated writing aobut running, alas I did not, but it gave me some new ideas on what to think about when I run. Insight into the depth of Murakami's thought process and brain.

A Wild Sheep Chase
Haruki Murakami
June 2025
Embrace the absurd, a particular useful message from thsi book that I internalized during my the stressful time the college admissions process

In Pursuit of the Traveling Salesman 
William J. Cook
December 2025
If you like traveling and route planning this is the book for you! Just kidding, this book gives insight into the iconic traveling salesman rpboelm and the unique minds and methods with the aim to solve it

Epic of Gilgamesh
February 2025
So you want to read the first book, ever. Read this, the story is less important than the fascinating way this indicates human creativity and curiosity dating back to the very beginning of history.

A Walk int he woods
Bill Bryson
January 2026
You want to go for a walk? Walk the Appalachian trail maybe, this satirical book about walking the Appalachian trail and a Bryson's relationship with outdoors is somewhat light hearted must read

Prepare to Win
Carroll Smith
November 2025
I wanted to build a race car and I thought this was a great place to start. It is a dense and fact filled book about everything needed, and the stupid dos and don't to build and maintain a car. Maybe in the future I will build one

Night 
Elie Wiesel
October 2024
Brutal book, a hard read yet a necessary one, the human experience and suffering of the holocaust, never forget and never repeat

Can't Hurt Me 
David Goggins
October 2025
Another itnerstering perspective into mentality and hard work, draw some inspiration form thsi book about David Goggin's transformation into one of the msot disciplined people on earth

American Prometheus
Kai Bird
August 2025
Insight into the genius of Oppenheimer, his nuances, his quirks, and all that enabled him to lead the project that created the most deadly weapon known to humankind.

Surviving to Drive
Günther Steiner
March 2024
Well, an insight into the day of the life of the meme of Gunther Steiner, insight into the intense of what It means to be an F1 team principal

Ataturks Discourse
Mustafa Gazi Kemal
December 2023
A must read for anyone with Turkish descent, a fascinating historical recount of Atuturks experience forming theturkismh Republic

The Little Prince
2015
My favorite book of all time, a story about maintaining one's hildike nature and curiosity.
